docs: general cleanup and maintenance (#50473)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: docs/devops.md

There are some known limitations and tradeoffs when using the beta version of the platform.

- **All data / personal progress on these beta platforms will NOT be saved or carried over to production**

  **Users on the beta version will have a separate account from the production.** The beta version uses a physically separate database from production. This gives us the ability to prevent any accidental loss of data or modifications. The dev-team may purge the database on this beta version as needed.

- **There are no guarantees on the uptime and reliability of the beta platforms**

  Deployment is expected to be frequent and in rapid iterations, sometimes multiple times a day. As a result, there will be unexpected downtime at times or broken functionality on the beta version.

> - **Do not send regular users to this site as a measure of confirming a fix**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **To ensure the effectiveness of the fix, it is advised not to direct regular users to this site for verification purposes.**
```
